Remove early access pill and disable option from dropdown (#3008)
woocommerce/woocommerce-gateway-stripe: changelog.txt

* Fix - Resolved an issue with saving plugin settings when bank descriptor value is invalid.
* Add - Include Stripe API version in logs.
* Fix - Issue with rendering Sepa on checkout page when card is disabled in non-UPE mode.

> * Tweak - Removed "Early Access" pill and "Disable" button from dropdown menu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Tweak - Removed the "Early Access" pill and "Disable" option from the Stripe payment methods dropdown menu.
```

Just a minor suggestion but I was thinking that adding context to where this disable button is would help avoid confusion to anyone reading the changelog.
